[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Enrique
Villanueva is one of a number
of people from South America
who's been experiencing contact
with extraterrestrials
throughout his life.
It began at the age of seven
and has taken him many years
to understand the true nature
of the experience, which he's
going to share with us today.
And wow, what a journey
for you, because you were
a curious little tyke, right?
From a very young
age, you were driven
to know the deeper
answers of life.
And that's really
the hallmark of a lot
of people that do end up
in an experience of contact
is that this is
their driving force.
Their soul's purpose in life
is to integrate this knowledge.
How do you feel
about that statement?
>> ENRIQUE VILLANUEVA:
Probably, he said yes.
I started when I was very young.
At seven I had my
first sightings.
Then around 12 I had
some astral projections.
And that really
ignite the curiosity
about the occult
side of reality.
Then at 17, I had some
very vivid experiences
in an astral projection
meaning beams
of light or-- I don't know,
that's what I called them.
And later, months
later, I get to be
part of the group Rahma, Rahma
mission, a group of contact.
>> REGINA: Yes, or the
people all had a very similar
disposition, interest,
and so forth.
But you also had a father who
was interested in these things.
As I recall your
father was a doctor?
>> VILLANUEVA: He
was, that's right.
>> REGINA: He was a
doctor, a surgeon.
And he belonged to various
esoteric organizations.
And let's talk about that part
of your life, your relationship
with your father and
when your father decided
to open the library to you.
>> VILLANUEVA: Well, when he
was a resident of medicine,
he had this experience
of astral production.
That was just
spontaneous for him--
>> REGINA: Astral projection,
just spontaneous-- OK.
>> VILLANUEVA: --coming
out of his body.
And what he told me
is he heard someone
knocking at the door, the place
he was living at the time.
He went down, opened the door.
No one was there.
When he came back, he noticed
his body was on the bed.
He was outside.
So he was in shock.
He cried.
He thought he was dead.
>> REGINA: He
thought he was dead.
Well that would-- if it
was spontaneous, yeah,
and you didn't know
about these things, that
would be disconcerting.
>> VILLANUEVA: And at the
time he was already married
to my mom.
He already had my big sister.
And he was really in shock,
thinking that that was the end.
So he cried and everything.
And later he says that
when it was the dawn,
he decided to try
to fit in the body.
So he sit in--
>> REGINA: Sit down
on top of himself.
>> VILLANUEVA: --and
repeat the same position.
He was on the bed.
And it seems that he much--
>> REGINA: So your father was
able to fit back into his body.
And then what happened
at that moment
when he discovered
he wasn't dead?
>> VILLANUEVA: He stand
up and he immediately went
to the faculty to meet
some of his mentors.
And happens to be
one of his mentors
told him that it was an
astral projection, that he was
part of the Rosicrucian order.
And he was the one that
initiated my father
into the practices
of the Rosicrucian.
From there he jumped
into the Masonic order.
He was part of the Gnostics.
And he had a big library
filled with those books.
So when I was born
the library was there.
I didn't touch the
library until I
was 12 when I started to
have these spontaneous astral
projections.
I thought it was part
of the changes you
experience through puberty.
>> REGINA: [INAUDIBLE]
out of your body,
hovering in the top of the room.
>> VILLANUEVA: They told me
there were going to be changes.
>> REGINA: You thought those
were part of your changes.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
I talked to my dad
and he says no, that's
an astral projection.
I had it too.
And you should try to do
it in a controlled manner.
So these are the books.
>> REGINA: Tell us a little
bit about your first astral
projections, what your
experience was as opposed
to your dad's.
>> VILLANUEVA: The first
time it was spontaneous.
I was sleeping, or
trying to sleep.
And it was very uncomfortable.
Suddenly, I was with my
pajamas standing in a street
that I didn't know.
And I was like, what
am I doing here?
And I walk around, look at
people, try to talk at them.
They didn't answer.
And I thought, this
must be a nightmare,
because I was in my
bed just a minute ago.
So I went to a garden I remember
and hide behind the bushes,
like someone was
going to look at me.
And I remember repeating to
myself, I have to wake up.
This is a nightmare.
I need to wake up.
And then I woke up in my bed.
And I was like, that was weird.
And then the next day,
the same experience.
>> REGINA: The same thing, you
were out on the same street,
or a different place?
>> VILLANUEVA: No,
different place.
>> REGINA: Different place.
>> VILLANUEVA: But
the same thing.
>> REGINA: But no
one could see you?
>> VILLANUEVA: No one.
And then it happened.
I asked my dad and he told me
you should try some techniques.
And these are the books.
And I tried some of those.
Some really didn't work.
They were just
mumbo jumbo I guess.
But some were really
interesting techniques
to do that sort of projection.
>> REGINA: Which books
did you find to be useful,
if you can remember the
names of any of them?
>> VILLANUEVA: I remember
one of the Gnostic movement.
But it was in Spanish.
I think it was "The
Perfect Marriage."
That's it.
>> REGINA: "The
Perfect Marriage."
>> VILLANUEVA:
Yeah, translation.
In one of the chapters they
talk about this technique
of astral projection.
And I remember you
said, it didn't
happen the way the book says.
But what happened
to me is I woke up
in the middle of
the night feeling
my leg was hanging from the bed.
And then, because
I was so sleepy,
I let my whole being went
through the leg, and then out.
And I did it many times away.
All the times I
just feel so relaxed
that my body went to sleep
but my mind was awake.
And then I project an image
of myself, a blue body,
and I project my
consciousness in there.
And then I was inside.
And then I travel and do
whatever I want to do.
>> REGINA: So that's when
you started controlling it.
>> VILLANEUVA: Mm hmm.
>> REGINA: I remember having
one of these experiences.
My son was sleeping downstairs.
I was upstairs and
I heard a commotion
out in the street, which
was unusual because we
lived in a quiet place.
And I thought I had gotten
up, but of course it
was an astral projection.
But I went flying down
the stairs headfirst.
And when I landed in this space
where my son was sleeping,
I ended up upside down.
I was upside down
and I thought--
>> VILLANUEVA: It's weird, huh?
>> REGINA: --this is-- well, it
was only weird because my son
was doing the same.
He had lifted up out of his
body and was looking at me.
And I was embarrassed
that I was upside down.
And I thought, I
need to get back
and I need to get out of
here quickly because he's
watching me upside down.
So we were both
out of our bodies
having this experience
at the same time.
>> VILLANUEVA: In the
same frequency, yeah.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
it was interesting.
And I snapped back into my
body once I was embarrassed.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah,
those things happen.
>> REGINA: So these are ways in
which we probably have all had
these experiences, but
we think we're dreaming.
We're just not cognizant
they're happening
without our awareness.
And they're not in
a controlled way.
So you went to the trouble
to learn how to do this.
So how did you use your
ability to astral travel then
at that point in your life?
>> VILLANUEVA: I
remember for me,
the experience was I need to
make sure that this is not
a dream.
So I went around the block.
I remember going under one
tree and counting the flowers
in the bunch.
And then when I went
back to my body,
I ran to the park and check
and found the flowers again.
>> REGINA: So you were doing
it very scientifically.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah, I wanted to
make sure that it was not just
a dream.
But then the questions
remain, because OK, maybe
it was a mental projection.
But I felt like it was physical.
Another thing is my physicality
was not like this one.
I could stretch my
finger and pull it
like it was a noodle for
hours if I wanted, or float.
>> REGINA: Or pass
through things,
put your hand
through items, yes.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yes, and
travel long distances.
I sometimes believed I
traveled long distances.
>> REGINA: Where did you
try to project yourself?
What were you interested
in using this for?
>> VILLANUEVA: Once to Egypt--
I was curious about Egypt.
I always had the
pictures of the pyramids.
But that day I
arrived, and I noticed
there was a big city
close to the pyramids.
And I didn't know that.
And I saw the city and
I descend on the city,
walk between the people, see
the markets and the locals.
It was very interesting.
I was not into the
pyramids anymore.
I was into the people
and looking at the city.
I remember that one.
That was very vividly, yeah.
>> REGINA: But you had an
interest more in what we call
Egyptology, more the
sacred or spiritual aspects
of the pyramids.
>> VILLANUEVA: Definitely.
Yeah, I read in one
of my father's books
about the power of
the pyramids and how
they distort space and time.
And I wanted to know how was the
energy close to the pyramids.
In other times I project also,
but now inside to the pyramids.
Yeah, the energy is
definitely interesting.
But whenever I was close
to a field of energy that
was too strong, sometimes
it pushes me back
into my physical body.
And it happened to me that
time, the second time in Egypt.
>> REGINA: When you
were inside the pyramid?
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
Then also whenever I want to use
this ability to scare someone,
let's say--
>> REGINA: You tried to
use it to scare someone?
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah, a friend
of mine who was skeptical about
it.
And I said yeah, I can
go inside your house,
and blah, blah, blah.
And I did it once.
I saw them, the whole family.
But then when I mention it,
she was still skeptical.
So I said OK, I'm
going to do it tonight.
And when I tried to
do it that night,
when I was flying close to the
house, the sky became yellow,
and then I was pushed
back into my body.
>> REGINA: Became yellow?
>> VILLANUEVA:
Became yellow, yes.
And then I noticed I'm back in
my-- somebody did this to me.
>> REGINA: So when you're
doing it as a party trick,
not responsibly.
>> VILLANUEVA: So I
tried to sleep again,
jumped from my body.
I was going to go anyways--
the yellow light again.
I was back in my body.
And I noticed, I'm
not in control.
Somebody is looking at me.
Somebody is watching me.
>> REGINA: Yeah, so that you
wouldn't start playing with it
and misusing it just to
prove something to someone.
It was for a bigger purpose.
OK, so that starts
giving us an idea
of who you were as a
kid, who your father was,
how this all came about.
And let's go a little
further into, now,
the original contact with other
beings and what that was like.
Because it's not
as though-- yeah,
you said you wanted to learn.
But you were actually afraid.
When it comes down
to it, most people
are, when they're
faced with the reality.
So let's talk about,
what, age 17-ish?
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah, at 17 I
had this astral projection.
I was suddenly walking
in this desert.
And here was like a plane thing.
And at the horizon I
could see something
was breaking with the plane.
So I walked towards that thing.
And I noticed it was a tree.
That tree was
really ancient, old.
It didn't have any leaf.
And the cortex was so white,
like marble, like very old.
And there was light coming
from behind that tree.
So I walk around because it
was really, really big trunk.
And as I walk around, I
notice there was an elder
in the other side of the tree.
>> REGINA: An elder, OK.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
And there was a platform,
smaller than this one,
and on top of it a golden
book, made of, like,
metallic-- it's like
a book full of symbols
that I couldn't
understand at the moment.
>> REGINA: Were the symbols
metallic or the pages?
>> VILLANUEVA: The
pages metallic.
And the symbols were
inscripted on the pages.
And as I approached the
book, because the elder,
he smiled at me like I've
been waiting for you.
I felt that.
So he invited me to
get close to the book.
I approach it.
I look at it.
And I look at him like
I don't understand.
And he point at the book at him.
So I approach the
book with my hands.
And then I felt the
most weird thing.
The book was alive.
Somehow this thing
was alive like me.
And as I touch one
of the symbols,
I start seeing images
at very high speed.
And I think those were
images of our past,
and also images of whatever
was coming in our future.
And I was not afraid.
But I felt I was feeding
myself with this information.
And it was like I
was hungry for it.
I needed more.
So I passed the page
and tried to see more.
And my hands were like
reading, like braille reading,
like I was blind in a way.
>> REGINA: And you were
just continually downloaded,
downloaded with
more information.
>> VILLANUEVA: It was
kind of downloading, yes.
I was not learning something.
I was getting the information.
>> REGINA: It was like
being fed into your aura,
for lack of a better word.
>> VILLANUEVA: Let's say that.
And when I tried to
feed myself with more,
the elder put his hand on my
chest and just put me aside.
And I said no, I
need to know more.
And then he pointed at one
of the branches in the tree,
and there was a snake sleeping.
And for some reason I was very
afraid of that being awake.
>> REGINA: That snake?
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
And then he told me, it's
like you have to wake up.
You have to take
people that is leaving
the shadow into the light.
You will find a way to transform
or to make light solid.
>> REGINA: A way to
make light solid--
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
>> REGINA: --for the
transformation of others?
>> VILLANUEVA: It seems
that he was saying that.
But it was confusing to
me, very symbolically.
>> REGINA: Well you were a kid.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah, I
was 17 at the moment.
And then I heard
someone yelling.
And I look around and
I couldn't see anybody.
But in my physical
room, my cousin
was sleeping in another
bed beside mine.
And she woke up to
go to the restrooms
when she noticed there
was these beam of light
sitting on my bed.
And she started yelling.
And then I woke up in my bed.
I saw this silhouette, a bright
silhouette beside my bed.
And then I closed my eyes
and I told her it's OK.
Everything is OK.
Don't worry.
But I didn't want
to see that I was
afraid of that
thing in my bedroom.
And then--
>> REGINA: But she
was seeing it too,
so that was very validating.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
For me it was validating.
And for the first time I
felt that the spirit world
realm and the physical were
touching, in an experience
where I have a witness.
And that for me, it was,
like, very powerful.
I thought if this
is happening, then
it can happen in
the future, maybe
in an even more
closer experience.
>> REGINA: OK, now after this,
when did you start having
your first contact with,
then, a physical reality?
You saw ships and such
when you were younger.
And a lot of people did,
actually, in this area.
You're from Lima, Peru--
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Right?
And let's talk about the next
level of that kind of contact.
>> VILLANUEVA: OK.
In another astral
projection, they told me
they were going to visit me.
And at the time, I didn't
approach the Rahma group.
>> REGINA: The Rahma group.
>> VILLANUEVA: The
group of contact.
>> REGINA: Hadn't you
already put a question out
to the universe and said, I
know I have friends out there.
I want to meet you.
Had you already done
that at this time?
I know I have friends.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
Because of my interest
in the teenage years,
I felt so different from
the kids of the block.
So I used to meditate
at the roof of my house.
And in my meditation, I asked
if anybody is, I don't know,
opening a channel
of communication,
and I'm interested in meeting
you guys if you are out there.
And I had this sightings
at very high altitude,
like lights coming and
then moving in zig-zag
and then continuing,
mostly very high.
But then I felt like
they're listening to me,
because every time I ask, I have
these movements come to me--
and then the dream about we
are going to visit you soon
And then one of those days in
the news, the Rama group, one
of the representatives
of the group
said that they
were going to have
a meeting with extraterrestrials
in the Chilca desert,
60 kilometers south
of the capitol.
>> REGINA: OK, so let's first
of all explain who the Rahma--
R-A-H-M-A-- group was.
Who constituted that group?
>> VILLANUEVA: Rahma is a group
of contact that started in 1974
with the experience
of two brothers,
Sixto and Charlie Paz Wells.
They, especially Sixto,
they opened their channel
spontaneously.
One day Sixto tried a
psychography, paper and pencil.
And he opened his mind.
He was doing this like a game,
like a Ouija board or something
like that--
>> REGINA: Yeah, that's
how it starts sometimes.
>> VILLANUEVA: --with his
sister and his mother.
And it seems that
he saw this being.
And then he
experienced the sound
of a voice inside of himself.
And he started writing
whatever he was saying.
And that was the first message
that said something like,
living room good to
start the communication.
I am Oxalc from Morlen.
You guys call it Ganymede,
one of the moons of Jupiter.
We can establish communication.
And that was the
first psychography
that they received in Rahma.
From there, Sixto was like
the antenna, the person
that is always receiving.
But I think his brother become
also an antenna, Charlie.
And then all the kids in the
block started meeting with him
and doing the practices
of opening the channel.
>> REGINA: Just like you he was
still very young at that time,
right?
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah,
he was 18 years old--
>> REGINA: 18 years old, yeah.
>> VILLANUEVA: --and in
the same city, in Lima.
That was 1974.
I was 4 at the
time, so there was
no way I was going to be
participating of that.
And through them, through
Charlie and Sixto,
many people approached an
experience of contact in Lima.
And then the agencies, the
news agencies from Europe
send Juan Jose Benitez.
He's a very well-known
writer and ufologist.
>> REGINA: From Spain?
>> VILLANUEVA: From Spain.
At the time he didn't
have any interest in UFOs.
He just came for the curiosity
of this group of kids.
It's probably drug addicts.
>> REGINA: Drug addicts
making stuff up, yeah.
>> VILLANUEVA:
That's what he says.
He thought that.
Then Charlie
received this message
where the alien says, you
have to take this journalist
to the desert in that
day, at that hour
we will give the sighting so
he can have the proof of it.
So they took Juan Jose Benitez
to the desert, the Chilca
desert.
And he had the sightings,
two ships coming down
in between the clouds, because
it was very cloudy that day.
And he saw it.
And he went crazy.
He went back to Spain and
obviously made the articles
about it.
But I think he
wrote a book called
"UFOs-- SOS to Humankind."
And because of that book,
he got into so much trouble,
even went to court to protect
his image as a serious--
>> REGINA: Journalist.
>> VILLANUEVA: [INAUDIBLE]
and journalist.
At the end, everything
was in his favor
and he started studying the
phenomenon really seriously.
But Rahma became a
sensation in Spain.
And through Spain,
into Europe also.
>> REGINA: And as for
Sixto and Charlie,
over the course of
the next decades,
weren't they able to go on board
the ship a number of times?
>> VILLANUEVA: Sixto
had reported it, yeah,
traveling with them,
and Charlie too.
Even Charlie has
weaknesses on one
of those physical encounters.
I think it was in Canada
just a few years ago.
>> REGINA: Yes, I
remembered what it was.
I was talking to you last
night, and I was invited to go.
There was supposed to be an
arranged meeting through Sixto.
And it was with Drunvalo--
Drunvalo who had invited me,
a man named Drunvalo.
I don't know if you know him.
And for some reason, of
course, at the last minute
everything fell apart
and it never happened.
But they did gather people
like that together to witness
this so they'd understand
it was a real phenomenon.
So many people actually
did either witness,
and some were able to
go on board the ships
through the years, right?
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah, many
people that approach Rahma,
they have the sighting.
The sightings is the most
common thing in Rahma.
But then if you
practice with the group,
you will have the
training to confront
this reality of the contact
in a more closer encounter.
And that's what happened to me.
When I went first to
Rahma, it was sightings.
Then through meditation I felt
the closeness of these beings.
Then I had my first few
physical encounter with them.
And then it was
increasingly going-- yeah.
>> REGINA: But when it came
down to it and you did have
the opportunity to
go on board, right--
you were still quite
young at this time.
Tell us what happened
when it became real.
>> VILLANUEVA: You mean the
first time it became real?
>> REGINA: Yeah, the first time.
>> VILLANUEVA: The first time
I was trying the psychography,
just like Sixto in 1974.
I was a new guy in
the Rahma group.
We were like 15 kids,
the new guys in Rahma.
And none of us seems to be
receiving the information
from these alien beings.
So I thought maybe if
I practice, maybe I
will open my channel of
communication, my telepathy.
So I try with paper and pen.
First night, nothing
happened at 11:00 PM.
Second night, nothing.
I just felt some energy and some
presence, but nothing special.
The third night
when I was trying,
I felt the energy, the presence.
I turned around, nothing.
When I closed my eyes,
I saw these hands
approaching from the
back, but so clear,
like I was looking at
them with my own eyes.
They approached from the back.
And then I feel the energy
coming from those hands
through my neck and
through my whole head.
And it was like a buzzing
sound, like [BUZZ].
The third buzzing sound created
an explosion in my forehead.
I saw a white.
I opened my eyes and
this being was standing
right there, where you are.
But he's standing.
>> REGINA: And tell us what
the being felt like and looked
like.
>> VILLANUEVA: He looked
like an Oriental person,
maybe like a Mongol.
See his eyes, big
but obviously--
>> REGINA: Almond-shaped.
>> VILLANUEVA: --Oriental, yeah.
And his hair was long, close
to the shoulders, white.
And his chin was
like triangular.
But he was really beautiful.
I mean, his whole
features were beautiful.
And his body looked like a
person that was exercising,
goes to the gym, his
shoulders especially.
They were very round,
like a gymnastic.
And then his body was
covered with this kind
of like a tunic or robe,
very thin like silk almost.
But I could see his
form very clearly.
And around his whole
body, a bright light.
It was not an aura.
It was something
around his contour.
>> REGINA: His
silhouette of light.
And he was tall.
>> VILLANUEVA: He was tall.
Like let's say he was
6' 1 maybe or 6' 2.
And, well, he looked at me.
And I was in shock
because I was expecting
a voice in my mind, not a guy--
>> REGINA: Yeah,
standing in front of you.
>> VILLANUEVA: --in front of me.
So at the moment--
>> REGINA: So it brought
up a lot of fear.
>> VILLANUEVA:
Yeah, a lot of fear.
I didn't know if I
should run or just stay.
But I remember I wanted
to have the experience.
And now this guy
is in front of me.
But I have to break
the ice, because I
felt my heart literally
pulsating in my throat.
I was really scared.
And I remember telling him,
are you going to say something?
Are you going to dictate
something so I can write?
And he looked at me.
And then I felt this
energy coming from him.
I couldn't see
it, but I felt it,
like it was something tangible.
It came and embraced me.
And in that embrace, I
felt the love of a brother.
And my brain or my mind
translated that feeling
into little brother.
Like he was telling
me, little brother.
And then he keeps sending that
energy, that emotion, feeling,
and my mind keeps
translating everything.
That was like spontaneous,
like I knew how to do.
And he told me I
was going to need
to come down, because you are
not the antenna of the group.
And you need to go to
the group and explain
to your friends what were
you doing these nights.
And in between you
guys, they will come up,
the one that already
has the channel open.
And every time you
predispose yourself
in the service of the group,
we will be ready to assist you.
>> REGINA: Did he say anything
about where he was from?
>> VILLANUEVA: Nothing.
>> REGINA: Nothing, OK.
>> VILLANUEVA: I had thousand
questions at the moment.
But when he was there--
>> REGINA: You were
too scared to ask him.
Yeah, I understand that.
>> VILLANUEVA: No, I
really tried to get
into the questions.
I couldn't remember any.
>> REGINA: Oh, interesting.
The conscious mind
just kind of--
>> VILLANUEVA: What happened?
>> REGINA: --shut down.
OK, and so you went and told the
group, and they thought, right.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah, most of
the keys didn't pay attention.
But then Victor Benitez, one of
my friends of the group, Victor
was missing some of the classes.
And he was the most interest
guy that they-- and he told me,
what do you do?
How did it happen, and why?
And I just explained,
paper, pen, do this.
And I closed my eyes and I just
tried to get rid of any thought
and focus my whole
attention on my chest.
And then I grew in this
feeling of love and friendship
towards them.
And then I just shoot this beam
of light coming from my head
to the sky, and then I
open it in every direction
for whoever is open to
the communication with me.
I-- he did the same, and
days later he told me,
I cannot stop receiving.
My mind is very fast.
And even in the bars, he
was writing on napkins.
He couldn't stop--
>> REGINA: So it just
happening so fast.
Now were there girls
in the group too
or was this mostly boys?
>> VILLANUEVA: There were like
three girls in my group that I
started with, yeah.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
but interesting,
it was mostly young people.
>> VILLANUEVA: Mm hmm.
>> REGINA: OK.
And so as time went on,
you had other encounters.
And I would like to find
out about another one
and when you started
receiving what
it is they were wishing
to assist you with
and what you had agreed, on some
level, to assist humanity with.
>> VILLANUEVA: OK.
That was in September
2012, almost 20 years
after the last physical
encounter I had with them.
In those 20 years, I had
mental exchanges with them.
During meditation I saw
them and talked to them.
And that's something I can
take quietly and comfortably.
But then in September,
they invited
us to go to Mount Shasta.
And I was there with a group of
people, maybe like 20 people.
And they told us
that we were going
to have an experience on
the 21st and the 22nd.
And the 21st, everybody was
walking together that night.
And we had a
sighting at the time
they told us we were
going to have a sighting.
But then, some people
that we were not expecting
arrived to the place.
And that changes the
energy of the whole group.
So I thought maybe
nothing's going to happen.
Next morning, it was I think a
Sunday, everybody went hiking
very early in the morning,
because at 9:00 we were going
to meet to do some exercises.
So at 8:00 I went out and
walked between the forest.
And then I felt like-- it
was like being in love.
It's like an energy in your
chest that is calling you.
And I just keep
going up the hill.
And I went into this platform
surrounded by pine trees.
>> REGINA: Little plateau.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
And I sit there.
And there was a tree,
like it was [INAUDIBLE]
and it was perfectly
like a chair.
>> REGINA: Sitting
on this stump.
>> VILLANUEVA: So I sat
there and I said I'm going
to meditate.
And as I was meditating, I
felt movement of people around
or somebody watching me.
So I opened my eyes and
looked, and at the distance,
in a hill that was maybe 60
meters away from where I was,
I saw these people
behind the trees.
It was like a group
of six, seven trees.
And people were
walking behind that.
And they were wearing
clothing like--
have you seen those people that
practice cycling, bicycles?
And they these--
>> REGINA: Skin, yeah, very
tight, skin-like suits.
>> VILLANUEVA: And it was white.
And I guess I was trying
to deny the possibility.
I thought probably they are
hikers or bikers from Shasta,
some of those kids.
>> REGINA: Usually they wouldn't
wear light skin type suits.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah, and the
kids in Shasta are also blonde
and everything.
These were blond.
And then one of
the group separates
and approached the
hill, looking at me
and put his hand like this.
And I saw him, and
immediately I knew.
And I was shaking at the moment.
Like no, I am not ready.
I was expecting the
experience with my group.
And I'm away--
>> REGINA: And you
were alone, yeah.
>> VILLANUEVA:
Yeah, again, alone,
every time I had
those experiences.
And I was like, I'm not
ready, but I know I cannot run
anymore.
So I just remained there.
And from the group
that was in the back,
a woman separate and started
walking down the hill.
And her physical form
was definitely a woman.
So she walked down the hill.
And then like in a 90
angle, she turned towards me
and said walking towards me.
And I could hear the
feet touching the ground
and breaking the little
limbs and the dry stuff.
But then I looked
at her when she
was, I don't know,
15 meters, and I
noticed her feet were actually
not touching the ground.
They were very close.
So what was I listening to?
I was really in
shock at the moment.
I closed my eyes and just,
with my back and close,
and just heard her
getting closer to me,
like she was in here.
But then I felt the
other one that was
standing there communicating.
And at that moment, that
was like a real download.
I don't know how long I
was in that situation,
but I know everything
he told me,
I had to dissect to
make it readable.
>> REGINA: To dissect it, yes.
>> VILLANUEVA: Because it was
like a bunch of information,
it was a package.
And it was about
humankind entering
what they call the fourth
dimension of consciousness.
And the whole thing was
symbolic because there
were two pine trees standing for
the place I enter that plateau.
And when I was going
to enter, I felt
there was something special.
And when I went
through those trees,
I felt the light different.
The light of the whole
place was different.
So he was explaining there was
a symbolic expression of what
was going on to humankind.
And I told him I was not
ready to live this by myself.
And he says, your
friends are with you.
And when you go back,
they will tell you
that they were already feeling
what was going on with you.
Because at a distance,
they were feeling
Enrique's having an experience,
and they didn't know why.
And then he showed me one
piece of archaeological stuff
is the god of the
sun in Tiwanaku.
I don't know if you have seen--
>> REGINA: I haven't
been to Tiwanaku.
>> VILLANUEVA: It's like
a portal in Bolivia close
to Titicaca lake.
I have never been in
that side specifically.
I've been in Bolivia,
but not in that place.
But when I saw this
thing in my mind,
I saw the whole explanation
he was giving me.
It was like through evolution
we went through many suns ages,
marked for activities
of the sun.
And now the sun was
changing its activity.
The energy we are receiving now
is creating a different kind
of consciousness.
It's like if you
cut and old tree,
and you know there's the
rings around the tree.
>> REGINA: All the rings, yes.
>> VILLANUEVA: The thicker rings
corresponds with a very high
activity of the
sun in that year.
Well let's say 2012 was
a very special moment
for the influence of this light
that is coming from the sun.
And it's not just light.
It's informational.
And it's information
that is [INAUDIBLE]
and our DNA is shifting
the whole way we're going
to see things in this planet.
>> REGINA: And I think that
it's probably good to point out
at this point that unless
one goes into some ancient
understandings, the nature of
the sun is not what we think it
is.
It isn't just a ball of light
to keep us warm and grow crops.
This is a being with--
multidimensional being
that serves this solar
system and beyond.
>> VILLANUEVA:
And not only that,
in all the symbolic expressions
of the sun, in every culture,
you see a sun that
is round, circular.
The one in the portal of the
Tiwanaku is actually square.
And it represents our entrance
into the fourth dimension
of consciousness.
That's why it's four angles.
>> REGINA: So there's a massive
amount of information coming
from this being, this entity,
that is programming this entire
system.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
And they told me the
evidence of this entrance
into the fourth
dimension will be,
you will recognize
this happening because
of the movement
of the population.
You will see upheavals
in consciousness
in Egypt, in Venezuela,
in many other countries.
>> REGINA: Oh, they told you all
of this prior to it happened?
>> VILLANUEVA: After it
happened, after, months later.
>> REGINA: Right after, yeah.
>> VILLANUEVA: And they told
me that was a sign of how is
the collective consciousness
moving towards change.
And then--
>> REGINA: Tell us what else
you were shown at that time.
>> VILLANUEVA: That 33 is a very
important number in the Rahma
experience, in the
contact experience.
And 33 is also a very important
number in the religion
experience of the Andes.
The old religion, let's say
from the Incas, point at the 33
as the highest level in the
priesthood of the Incas.
>> REGINA: Same
as the Freemasons.
>> VILLANUEVA: And they say
that humankind is entering that
level, because when
we enter the 33,
we became part of a
collective that is in a space.
Let's say there is a white
brotherhood in a space.
They say that 32 ambassadors
from that brotherhood
came to Earth many thousands
of years ago to balance,
to create an equilibrium
in our planet.
>> REGINA: An equilibrium.
>> VILLANUEVA: The
33 representative,
the representative number
33 is actually humankind.
So we have to become
that, in that position.
>> REGINA: So the
whole story then,
the sun has begun projecting
that via its photons,
that information into our
solar system, into our species,
into all the other
species as well.
So theoretically we're
not the only species
that would be changing,
but this allows
us to rise up to that
level of consciousness
that we've all
been hearing about.
>> VILLANUEVA: And if
you see that portal,
you will see there
are lines of beings.
In the first line, this
is the Sun God, Viracocha,
and eight beings holding
a-- how do you call that?
>> REGINA: Like a staff?
>> VILLANUEVA: Like a staff.
Eight beings here,
eight beings here.
Another eight that looks
like birds in the middle,
and another eight that looks
like people holding staffs
again.
So if you count the people,
they are actually 32.
And the being in the
center is the 33rd.
>> REGINA: And that
being is the central sun?
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
And again, the line of
the birdlike creatures
holding the staff are
eight times two, 16.
And then at the bottom
you have 16 suns.
Again, 32 plus the god sun, 33.
So the 33 is there,
over and over,
repeating itself like we are
ready to enter for that jump.
>> REGINA: What other kinds of--
what did they show you besides
the disturbances that would
be taking on, the kinds
of revolution that would happen
in Egypt and other places that
did happen?
What other signs
did they show you
of institutions giving
way prior to this shift?
>> VILLANUEVA: OK, I basically
asked, at the moment,
if there was a possibility
of having sightings that are
massively-- or encounters
like the one I was having with
a group or whole population.
And he told me this is
the way things have been
going for thousands of years.
That is the policy
or the protocol
from the federation out there.
And they are going like
drops, water drops.
It's very slow, the process.
But the glass is
getting full already.
And as you expand
consciousness, the experiences
can become closer, but not
because of their interest,
but because we are jumping
into their reality.
So it's not about
them coming down.
>> REGINA: It's we're coming up.
>> VILLANUEVA: We have to
expand consciousness and jump
into the fourth dimension
of consciousness,
and then experience
the exchange with them.
>> REGINA: And they showed
you something about time,
how time and space operate,
including ourselves--
our past self, our present
self, our future selves,
and the differences in the
way time appears to move even
in these.
Can you explain some of this?
Because you do
work with clients,
and you also have a
site, Spanish speaking,
where you have
many, many videos,
and you have guided
people, successfully,
through this process
of connecting
with future self and past self
to heal things, many times.
Can you talk a little bit about
the nature of nonlinear selves?
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
At that experience
in 2012, they told me
that time, from our perspective,
is like a rubber band.
And so as we enter into
the fourth dimension,
it's like we pull the
rubber band and let go,
and then the thing is going
one side and the other side
until it is stabilized.
And that whole movement can
take thousands of years.
So the fact that we enter
the fourth dimension is not
like the whole humankind
is enlightened already,
but we have the potential to--
we already entered that realm,
and we just need to
realize we are here.
And we have other
tools to work with.
And that is not only happening
to the human species,
it's happening to
all the species.
Because as we enter into
the fourth dimension,
the animals enter the third
dimension of consciousness.
So you will notice more
and more animals behaving
like humans used to behave.
>> REGINA: OK, I want to
ask you something here.
I'm just injecting this and
then I want you to continue on.
I've had kind of a feeling
about all of the suddenly
disappearing species.
And my thought on it
was that as the planet
is changing these frequencies,
that some of the species
continue on, as you say, and
gain in their own intelligence.
But others actually
disappear and stay
with the old frequencies,
and they're literally
gone from view.
It's almost right here,
we just can't see them,
just like the astral realms.
Does that ring true
at all for you?
>> VILLANUEVA: It is possible
that they are jumping
into another reality, yeah.
We call it extinction.
>> REGINA: We call
it extinction,
but that's not what I see it as.
I see it as just
disappearing from our view.
>> VILLANUEVA: I
see evolution here.
And I see that some of those
species didn't even disappear,
they just mutate.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>> VILLANUEVA: You can
see the [INAUDIBLE].
This is a frog that was taken
into Australia to get rid
of the plagues, the insects.
The blue frog had big
legs, so he jumped
and spread all over the place.
And he kills the
plague, the insects.
But also the local snakes
couldn't eat that huge frog.
And what happened is
in the next 50 years,
this snake developed
a bigger mandible
in order to swallow the
thing-- just 50 years.
>> REGINA: That's quick.
>> VILLANUEVA: So evolution is
going really fast right now.
And that's happening
with every species.
And we are not an exception.
Even Bruce Lahn-- this
is a scientist from--
>> REGINA: What's
his name again?
>> VILLANUEVA: Bruce Lahn.
>> REGINA: Bruce Lahn.
>> VILLANUEVA: He is a doctor
in genetics I think from Chicago
University.
And he talks about
how we are triggering
the awakening of two genes
that were sleeping in humankind
for the last 100,000 years.
>> REGINA: And what are
those genes responsible for?
Or how would they
show themselves?
>> VILLANUEVA: It seems that
when they appeared 100,000
years ago, our brain grew up.
So now they are active again.
And so something is going to
happen to our nervous system
right now.
It's happening already.
>> REGINA: And did they say what
those characteristics would be,
how it would affect us?
>> VILLANUEVA: No,
this is-- we are--
>> REGINA: We'll find out.
>> VILLANUEVA: We're going
to have to explain this,
but now the time
definitely is changing.
And now we can work with time.
That's what I feel now.
I am in the field of therapy.
I am a hypnotherapist.
So I apply different
modalities with my clients.
But then I have, let's say,
channeled this modality
that is called REM healing.
>> REGINA: REM, rapid eye
movement when you're sleeping.
>> VILLANUEVA: Exactly.
>> REGINA: And explain
that it was mimicking that.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
Originally, the REM is a stage
of our sleeping patterns.
And when you are
in that stage, you
are actually receiving
volumes of information
that are really big, big
amounts of information, even
bigger than when you are awake.
So something is going
on when you are in REM.
Years later, a
physicist from France,
Jean-Pierre Garnier
Malet, he is--
>> REGINA: Jean-Pierre Garnier.
>> VILLANUEVA:
Jean-Pierre Garnier,
he developed a theory
called the double in time.
That was the translation.
>> REGINA: Double in time, OK.
>> VILLANUEVA: And he says
that everything exists with
a double, and we are
not an exception.
>> REGINA: Like a mirrored--
>> VILLANUEVA: Like stars--
>> REGINA: --copy in the
time-space continuum.
>> VILLANUEVA: Stars,
galaxies, and everything,
even living things
have a double.
Particles, no?
You exist as a particle.
You exist as a wave.
These are the same thing.
So our consciousness
do the same.
And he says that
when we are in REM,
we are actually exchanging
information with our double
in the future.
It's not a physical
being in the future.
It's a wavelength
that is covered
in all the possible futures.
And he can choose for
you the best future
possible for solving
the situation you
are going through.
>> REGINA: I know I've heard
this and experienced this
in ways that are very similar
to exactly what you're saying.
So the language might be a
little different around some
of it, but it's the same thing.
We're working with our future
outcomes during dream time.
>> VILLANUEVA: Exactly.
And that's what
Jean-Pierre says.
When I read about his
theory and the law of double
in time and all
these things, I said,
there must be another
application to do it awake.
So I thought, because
I know EMDR-- that's
another modality-- is eye
movement, the sensitization,
reprocessing, it collapses,
let's say, trauma, doing
the eye movements.
>> REGINA: Yes, I know different
practitioners that use EMDR
and have a lot of
success with it.
>> VILLANUEVA: So I knew
EMDR, and I thought maybe
what's happening is not that
you balance the function
of the right and left brain,
but you are actually creating
an artificial REM.
And you are
downloading information
to correct the thing.
So I ask my other self, is it
possible that you can do this?
And then I just close my
eyes and move the eyes
under the eyelids.
And then I download this
amount of information.
And I write down and
I have a whole graphic
of how time moves from
the past into the future,
and then from the
future into our present,
and how we can reverse
the movement in order
to correct our past and
receive a different person.
>> REGINA: So in other words,
reprogram our past so that
our present and future turns
out in a more advantageous way?
>> VILLANUEVA: Exactly.
It's our will to
be better, but it
depends on the interaction with
your other part in the future
to fix the past.
>> REGINA: And I
was just talking--
I had a show recently with
Sheila Gillette and the THEO
group, and I asked
them this question.
And they said it's
absolutely possible
and we do it all the time.
We may not know it, but
different modalities,
we are doing it consciously
or unconsciously,
programming our past so that
we have a different outcome
in our present and future.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
For me it's is almost like
jumping into another reality.
Look at this experience.
I had two cars, OK.
I left one car parked
close to a corner,
very close to the corner.
So when I was parking the car I
thought, maybe it's too close.
Maybe a car passing
by too fast is going
to break the rearview mirror.
I thought about it,
but then I thought
there is no other way to
park, so I left it there.
I went to my
apartment at the time.
And then in the morning, I took
the other car and went out.
When I was going close to
the corner, I look at my car,
and I noticed the
rearview mirror
was in the floor, broken.
And I thought oh my
god, I knew it, right?
Yeah, but my mind
participated on the creation
of that specific timeline.
>> REGINA: Yes, you
made that choice.
>> VILLANUEVA: So I
went to pick up my son.
And when I was coming back
from picking up my son,
I did the process
to correct the time.
And then the most
weird thing happened.
I had a new memory,
an impossible memory.
I had the memory that I parked
my car in the other side
of the street.
And I thought,
that's not possible.
I remember parking
my car in that side.
So I was approaching the street.
And I look, and one car that
looks exactly like my mine
was with a broken
rearview mirror.
My car was parked intact on
the other side of the street.
And I was like--
>> REGINA: Wow.
>> VILLANUEVA: I was
like, what happened?
Things like that are happening--
>> REGINA: That's a trip.
>> VILLANUEVA:
--with this thing.
So people that are using this
technique, they are telling me,
it's like jumping into
a different timeline.
It's like you correct the
past, you create a new past,
and now the echos
of that new past
is correcting your present.
And yeah, new memories
come into you.
>> REGINA: It would have to
if you've corrected the past.
Then the past would have
to be different, right?
>> VILLANUEVA: The problem
is I had two memories.
I had the memory--
>> REGINA: Yes, of what
you thought you did,
what you did do.
>> VILLANUEVA: --of parking
the car right there,
and the other memory too.
Yeah, that's really weird.
>> REGINA: That's a discussion
in and of itself that could
probably go on for days.
So you are working with
people, with clients,
using this awake REM,
using the eye movement,
using your conscious
intention of a situation
that you would like to
have altered, right?
And you're taking it to the
past, and then gathering.
Just explain briefly the
process so people get a flavor.
They might have to
come to you or learn
to speak Spanish and go
to your side or something.
>> VILLANUEVA: Probably.
What I received originally was
a graphic of how time moves.
Then I had to apply that
graphic to my being.
And I noticed that our bodies
represent, symbolically,
how we move through time.
So I realized that
we have this rod
of energy coming from
the base of the spine
to the top of your head.
And it's like a column
of bright light.
And let's say that that column
is collecting your energy,
and is also connecting you with
the planet, with the center
of the universe also.
Now once you recognize
that, you know
that the density
or the gravity goes
different from the base of your
spine to the top of your head.
So time runs differently in
the surface of the planet
than if you go away, especially
if you approach the speed
of light when you go out.
And that's proved for relativity
and all we know from physics.
So right now, right
here, right now,
you are walking with past,
present, and future together
in your spine or
your rod of energy.
So past is in the bottom
and is in a read color.
The vibration is red.
And the future is
right here in violet.
And now the present
is right here.
So what I receive
is that you don't
need to be in the present,
but not in the present
like I have this problem
and I don't know what to do.
I have these heavy weight on me.
No, no, nothing like that.
You are in the present
like being present.
It's not just being in
the now but being present.
And the suggestion was look
at yourself inside this room.
The room is empty-- no
pictures, no windows, no doors.
It's a white room, no furniture.
You are there empty.
And that's enough.
That's neutrality.
That's what you need from
the present, neutrality.
>> REGINA: The neutrality, yes.
>> VILLANUEVA: Once
you are neutral,
you run through
the rod of light,
moving your eyes down under
your eyelids, going to the past.
Focusing on the past, then you
collect all the information
about this problem I have.
Let's say--
>> REGINA: Consciously
and unconsciously.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah, because
I honestly don't know exactly
where the roots.
I was not conscious
of everything.
>> REGINA: So your intention
is that all knowledge regarding
this situation in the
past is collected now.
>> VILLANUEVA: Exactly.
Let's say that I have
the problem with,
I don't know, with the car
or something with my skin.
So collect all the energy from
the past about this problem.
Now that I collect everything,
I will run with my eyes
up directing this energy up
through this column of light
into the future.
And then I give these to my
double, or my other being.
>> REGINA: Your future self.
>> VILLANUEVA: My future self.
So I give this to
him and say, you
know what, I need you
to find the information
and the right corrects
for this program.
And then I move my eyes
under like a wiper,
from one side to
another, until I
feel that my eyes are getting--
>> REGINA: Tired and stuck.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah.
When that happened, I just
stop, and move my eyes down
and let this energy
download through this rod
of light, this column of light,
until my eyes go and look
to the bottom.
And that energy from the
future is correct in the past,
because the past, even
though it seems is stuck,
is actually moving, but
at a very low speed.
It's moving still.
>> REGINA: Yes, much slower
than the future-- fast speed.
>> VILLANUEVA: The
future moves super fast.
The past is really slow,
but it's still moving.
And this energy is
going to fix it.
So it's like jumping
to a different past.
Once you put all the energy in
there, you just let go of it
and you go back to your
room, to your empty room,
remain there for
a minute at least,
receiving the echos
from that new past--
>> REGINA: The echos.
>> VILLANUEVA: --the new
memories from whatever
happened.
>> REGINA: Let it just feed
you however it's going to.
It can be organic.
It can be a phone call out
of the blue from someone
that corrects it--
>> VILLANUEVA: Something.
>> REGINA: --anything.
It's just finding an
unconscious solution.
>> VILLANUEVA: I have thousands
of testimonies of people using
these, mostly in the
Latino community,
because I upload these
video in YouTube.
And one of those
was this guy who had
this condition in his mouth.
He cannot produce saliva.
>> REGINA: Oh, that
would be difficult.
>> VILLANUEVA: So he got
his mouth always dry.
And he used everything
and tried everything
he could in the medicine
field, and nothing works.
And he told me I
did the exercise,
and at some point when I was
collecting the information,
I saw that I had a rope, a
very dry rope around my neck.
And I knew at the moment
that some of my ancestors
died being hanged.
And when I knew that, I started
crying and crying and crying.
And then I took the energy
down and correct the past.
And then he says, I
remain in the present,
and my mouth was full of saliva.
And then I was OK.
And from there he was OK.
>> REGINA: And you
have many, many,
many people you've helped this.
Can be anything--
>> VILLANUEVA: Thousand
of people are using this.
>> REGINA: --from your
love life to your work life
to your physical
life, spiritual life.
>> VILLANUEVA: The most
extreme is a woman,
I think is Rosarito, some of
those cities close to the coast
in Mexico.
>> REGINA: Yeah, Rosarito.
>> VILLANUEVA: When Patricia
hurricane was approaching
the coast, it was category five.
It was very powerful.
>> REGINA: Category five, yes.
>> VILLANUEVA: And she told
me everybody was running from
the city.
I approached the
coast and I started
using your technique to try
to just banish the hurricane.
I don't know if it was
possible, but I tried it.
And she followed it,
step by step the thing.
And when the hurricane
approached the coast,
it became a tropical song.
Just touching the
ground, it changes.
And she says, I don't
know, there were thousands
of people praying for that.
But I felt I did it.
And I was like whoa.
>> REGINA: Well
that's a really-- see,
I don't think very many human
beings understand the power
that they have through their
mind and the full force
of their being, that they're,
in a sense, you know,
gods in themselves,
that god energy,
that god experience can be
experienced through the human
species.
>> VILLANUEVA: When you are
working in a consciousness
of a fourth dimension,
you can fix time.
That's the thing.
And that's what we have to do--
>> REGINA: And they seem
like miracles to us,
but for people in other realms,
for beings in other realms,
not a big deal,
every day business.
Well that's magnificent.
Let me ask you something.
If someone wants to contact
you and work with you directly,
how do they do that?
Because your website's in
Spanish, so if I arrived there,
I would have no
idea what it says.
>> VILLANUEVA: I'm going to be
preparing some stuff in English
soon because people
are asking me--
>> REGINA: Do you have an email?
>> VILLANUEVA: They can email
me to enriquegvm@aol.com.
>> REGINA: OK, enriquegvm@aol--
>> VILLANUEVA: @aol.com.
>> REGINA: OK, good, so
everybody knows know how
to reach you.
>> VILLANUEVA: Or they can
look for me in Facebook with
my name, Enrique Villanueva.
>> REGINA: OK, very good.
Well, we're out of time.
>> VILLANUEVA: Let's
do the techniques.
We'll extend the time.
>> REGINA: Yes, we're
not out of time.
It's an illusion.
Enrique, two last questions.
Are you looking forward
to contact again?
Do you think you will
need to have this again?
Or do you think
you've been downloaded
with enough to take you through
this lifetime and so forth,
or will it be a surprise?
>> VILLANUEVA: That's
a good question.
Every time I have the experience
with them is traumatic,
not because they are
menacing or anything.
It's because it is very hard
to be with my conscious mind
when it's happening.
>> REGINA: Well
it's disconcerting.
>> VILLANUEVA: Yeah, so I
prefer and I avoid the physical
encounter with them.
I prefer to keep my
distance from that.
But the mental contact, I love
that because I feel confident
and the information is there.
And then they can
give me a sighting
to really prove that
whatever I'm receiving is OK.
So I don't need the physical
encounter with them anymore.
I hope I don't have it.
But I'm open if there
is a need for that.
>> REGINA: It will happen.
>> VILLANUEVA: I invite it.
It is going to
happen, I know that.
>> REGINA: It is, OK.
Now the final question--
given what you just said
and how it is for
you, do you think
that humanity is ready for
this kind of open contact
with beings from other places?
>> VILLANUEVA: Yes.
And I think the Disclosure
Project is part of this.
>> REGINA: You think that
what-- oh, Disclosure Project.
But considering
the fear you had,
how do you feel most of
the species will feel?
>> VILLANUEVA: Disconcerted.
They will feel like
lost, because it's
going to shake all the paradigms
and the way we see reality.
And you see, when
we look at them,
we don't see the whole aspect.
We see whatever we
can project into them.
>> REGINA: Whatever we
can perceive, or able to.
We're projecting
our perceptions.
>> VILLANUEVA: We
are projecting.
>> REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>> VILLANUEVA: So whatever the
filter that we have inside is
what we see from them.
So we see them as advanced
technological civilization.
They are way more
than that, as we are.
So we are going to see
just fragments of it
until we wake up.
And so they are waiting for us
to really expand consciousness
and to see them in
the real aspect,
so we can see ourselves
in that same level.
>> REGINA: Well I think
that's a perfect place to end
the conversation.
And I thank you very much
for coming to be with us.
>> VILLANUEVA: Thank you
for the opportunity, Regina.
>> REGINA: --and
sharing your experience.
>> VILLANUEVA: Glad
to be here with you.
>> REGINA: As we
said a moment ago,
until his site's up in English,
you can contact him by email,
which is enriquegvm@aol.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]